Implement xtick and ytick rotation modes (#28968)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/xtick_ytick_rotation_modes.rst

``xtick`` and ``ytick`` rotation modes
--------------------------------------

A new feature has been added for handling rotation of xtick and ytick
labels more intuitively. The new `rotation modes <matplotlib.text.Text.set_rotation_mode>`

> "xtick" and "ytick" automatically adjusts the alignment of rotated tick labels,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"xtick" and "ytick" automatically adjust the alignment of rotated tick labels,
```

> so that the texts point towards their anchor point, i.e. ticks.  This works for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that the text points towards their anchor point, i.e. ticks.  This works for
```
